ENH: Add ability to copy more fields from the report (#2513)
certtools/intelmq: CHANGELOG.md

- `intelmq.bots.parsers.shadowserver._config`:
  - Fetch schema before first run (PR#2482 by elsif2, fixes #2480).
- `intelmq.bots.parsers.dataplane.parser`: Use `  |  ` as field delimiter, fix parsing of AS names including `|` (PR#2488 by DigitalTrustCenter).

> - all parsers: add `copy_custom_fields` parameter allowing copying additional fields from the report, e.g. `extra.file_name`.
>   (PR# by Kamil Mankowski).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `intelmq.lib.bot.ParserBot`: add `copy_custom_fields` parameter allowing copying additional fields from the report, e.g. `extra.file_name` (PR#2513 by Kamil Mankowski).
```
